README.md, before:

# Legion Gaming Modpack

Modpack for Legion Gaming private server.

# Changelog

## Release 5.0.0

This release is an overhaul for the new Mistlands update bringing back plugins that weren't working before.

## Release 4.0.6

This release updates dependencies

* InstantMonsterLootDrop from 0.4.0 to 0.5.0
* ConversionSizeAndSpeed from 1.0.7 to 1.0.9
* MassFarming from 1.4.0 to 1.5.0

## Release 4.0.5

Added TeleportEverything by OdinPlus.

## Release 4.0.4

Added MassFarming by Mokutan plugin.

## Release 4.0.3

This release updates dependencies

* OdinsQOL from 0.9.5 to 0.9.6
* WardIsLove from 3.0.8 to 3.0.9
* Marketplace_And_Server_NPCs_Revamped from 8.2.0 to 8.2.1
* Server_devcommands from 1.38.0 to 1.40.0
* SouthsilArmor from 2.3.0 to 2.4.1
* Jotunn from 2.10.0 to 2.10.1

## Release 4.0.2

This release updates dependencies

* ConversionSizeAndSpeed from 1.0.6 to 1.0.7

## Release 4.0.1

Pruned out more non-functioning plugins as a result of the Mistlands update.

## Release 4.0.0

Pruned out non-functioning plugins as a result of the Mistlands update. Also, I've decided to keep my server private for friends only for the moment.

## Release 3.0.4

Removed proprietary plugin as NPC plugin now handles the functionality.

## Release 3.0.3

This release fixes an issue with a proprietary plugin specific to the Legion Gaming private server. Open beta coming soon!

## Release 3.0.2

This release adds a proprietary plugin specific to the Legion Gaming private server. Open beta coming soon!

## Release 3.0.1

This release adds a proprietary plugin specific to the Legion Gaming private server. Open beta coming soon!

## Release 3.0.0

This is the first release in the form of a "season." The season is still in private beta while we work things out, but the next release will open the server up to the public. Stay tuned!

## Release 2.0.3

This release updates dependencies

* ChaosArmor from 10.0.3 to 10.0.5

## Release 2.0.2

This release adds some of JTV's mods as explicit dependencies to keep them up to date.

## Release 2.0.1

This release adds EquipmentAndQuickSlots back. It was mistakenly removed from the previous release.

## Release 2.0.0

This release moves EpicLoot and Journey_To_Valhalla into my new EpicJourney mod and updates dependencies

* VNEI from 0.7.3 to 0.7.4

## Release 1.0.31

This release updates dependencies

* ChaosArmor from 10.0.2 to 10.0.3
* Server_devcommands 1.27.0 to 1.28.0

## Release 1.0.30

This release replaces alpha release of ValheimPlus with 9.9.9 release and updates dependencies

* ChaosArmor from 9.0.17 to 10.0.2
* MonsterLabz from 2.7.0 to 2.8.0
* ValheimPlus from alpha to 9.9.9

## Release 1.0.29

This release updates dependencies

* ServerCharacters from version 1.3.0 to 1.3.1
* Spawn_That from version 1.1.3 to 1.1.4

## Release 1.0.28

This release addresses issues from patch **0.211.7**

* Removed QuickConnect (instructions in Discord to connect using new UI)
* Replaced ValheimPlus 9.9.8 with alpha release
* Removed Discord Connector (this plugin is for server only)

Commit message:

## Release 5.0.1
This release adds Expand_World as a dependency.

README.md, after:

# Legion Gaming Modpack

Modpack for Legion Gaming private server.

# Changelog

## Release 5.0.1

This release adds Expand_World as a dependency.

## Release 5.0.0

This release is an overhaul for the new Mistlands update bringing back plugins that weren't working before.

## Release 4.0.6

This release updates dependencies

* InstantMonsterLootDrop from 0.4.0 to 0.5.0
* ConversionSizeAndSpeed from 1.0.7 to 1.0.9
* MassFarming from 1.4.0 to 1.5.0

## Release 4.0.5

Added TeleportEverything by OdinPlus.

## Release 4.0.4

Added MassFarming by Mokutan plugin.

## Release 4.0.3

This release updates dependencies

* OdinsQOL from 0.9.5 to 0.9.6
* WardIsLove from 3.0.8 to 3.0.9
* Marketplace_And_Server_NPCs_Revamped from 8.2.0 to 8.2.1
* Server_devcommands from 1.38.0 to 1.40.0
* SouthsilArmor from 2.3.0 to 2.4.1
* Jotunn from 2.10.0 to 2.10.1

## Release 4.0.2

This release updates dependencies

* ConversionSizeAndSpeed from 1.0.6 to 1.0.7

## Release 4.0.1

Pruned out more non-functioning plugins as a result of the Mistlands update.

## Release 4.0.0

Pruned out non-functioning plugins as a result of the Mistlands update. Also, I've decided to keep my server private for friends only for the moment.

## Release 3.0.4

Removed proprietary plugin as NPC plugin now handles the functionality.

## Release 3.0.3

This release fixes an issue with a proprietary plugin specific to the Legion Gaming private server. Open beta coming soon!

## Release 3.0.2

This release adds a proprietary plugin specific to the Legion Gaming private server. Open beta coming soon!

## Release 3.0.1

This release adds a proprietary plugin specific to the Legion Gaming private server. Open beta coming soon!

## Release 3.0.0

This is the first release in the form of a "season." The season is still in private beta while we work things out, but the next release will open the server up to the public. Stay tuned!

## Release 2.0.3

This release updates dependencies

* ChaosArmor from 10.0.3 to 10.0.5

## Release 2.0.2

This release adds some of JTV's mods as explicit dependencies to keep them up to date.

## Release 2.0.1

This release adds EquipmentAndQuickSlots back. It was mistakenly removed from the previous release.

## Release 2.0.0

This release moves EpicLoot and Journey_To_Valhalla into my new EpicJourney mod and updates dependencies

* VNEI from 0.7.3 to 0.7.4

## Release 1.0.31

This release updates dependencies

* ChaosArmor from 10.0.2 to 10.0.3
* Server_devcommands 1.27.0 to 1.28.0

## Release 1.0.30

This release replaces alpha release of ValheimPlus with 9.9.9 release and updates dependencies

* ChaosArmor from 9.0.17 to 10.0.2
* MonsterLabz from 2.7.0 to 2.8.0
* ValheimPlus from alpha to 9.9.9

## Release 1.0.29

This release updates dependencies

* ServerCharacters from version 1.3.0 to 1.3.1
* Spawn_That from version 1.1.3 to 1.1.4

## Release 1.0.28

This release addresses issues from patch **0.211.7**

* Removed QuickConnect (instructions in Discord to connect using new UI)
* Replaced ValheimPlus 9.9.8 with alpha release
* Removed Discord Connector (this plugin is for server only)
